hurt all the boys which paid
we are subjects and 5 with a video
in fact, different from the usual today
we'll talk about fashions like we did
a few times in the past this bike does not
would be nothing but a kind of
representation of the batman bike on
gta 5 always made to our friend
french mister thomas that the player
look really cool the effect really
something unbelievably high-end ie
absolutely to put this mode vi
I remember that in order to download it I will
I leave the link to his video so there
you will find more information at
regard is a fashion that I am still
cooler than the bat bike
sorry motorcycle is this one here
people herminator in fact people weapons
network look what the hell can
that is to say crazy then also able to
skip if you have laser sights there
something really amazing not
would be nothing but an aunt in turn surrender
dopatissimo absolutely an abusive
under so high by the
cana producers instead of creating a car
racing have created a monster
that is really destructive these fashions
they are so cool I congratulate you with
mister thomas we have seen in the past
the mode of the red bull motorcycle that it is
a cool thing, however, has nothing to do with it
see with this also made fashions for
the jetpack and the really cool one
if you look you go in you are a god with
this car you're a god-god
look at all kinds of backgrounds if the
police come to break you just can not
I mean nothing look at that stuff
both burst own destroyed cars that
incredible flying here is the menu of the mod
and what to say guys I hope this
video is interesting
Meanwhile, the fire brigade also arrived
disgusting just trying to
stem the damage that the miner is doing
brought to the city of los santos
in the sea area
wow what a zoom
I said that I hope this video will
enjoyed in this case you leave a
like comment and subscribe to the channel
I'm the one already made for other videos
similar
I remind you that every day at hours
14 a video comes out and nothing commented
pay me follow me soul believe me up
facebook instagram twitter and all
what you want show